hi everyone Lucy here and today we're
going to talk more about the TOEFL
speaking test and specifically today
we're gonna focus on task 2 which is the
independent opinion task ok what we're
going to learn today is first we're
going to describe the task for you next
we're going to go over the preparation
and presentation stages and finally I'm
going to give my own sample response so
the purpose of today's lesson is to
understand exactly how to answer TOEFL
speaking test to opinion ok so first of
all what is involved in TOEFL speaking
test - well you need to choose a side of
an argument and you need to explain why
you chose that side so you need to give
your opinion and support that opinion
with reasons so how much time do you
have well you have 15 seconds to prepare
a response and you have 45 seconds to
speak remember the important point that
during the preparation stage you're
going to have 15 seconds to use your
scratch paper and pen to make some notes
and clarify your thoughts and then
during the speaking time you're going to
need to use the entire time don't stop
too early and make sure that your answer
is a complete one ok so now it's going
to be your turn we're going to give you
an opportunity to prepare and present on
a topic okay now if you don't already
you should make sure you have a pen and
some scratch paper ready remember you're
going to have 15 seconds to prepare are
you ready here we go
you
okay how is that do you feel prepared
remember the next stage is presentation
use your notes and use the full 45
seconds to give your answer okay are you
ready here we go
you
okay great
how is that now it's going to be my turn
to give my own sample response okay
remember that I'm going to have 45
seconds and I need to give a complete
answer okay and here I go more and more
students are choosing to study online
however in my opinion studying on campus
is better for students for two main
reasons the first reason is the
interaction with the professor I think
you can learn more from sitting in a
classroom in front of a professor and
seeing and hearing them deliver
information rather than just reading an
office screen you can also build a
relationship with the professor which
will be beneficial throughout the
semester the second main reason is the
interaction with other students you can
learn a lot from your fellow students
and you can clarify things that are
unclear you can also study together
which increases your understanding and
you can build friendships okay how did I
go great thank you for watching I hope
this really helped you with the TOEFL
speaking tasks too and remember if you
have any other questions visit our
website at eetu language comm great
thank you again for watching and I'll
see you next time bye